bump rust version to 1.80.1 on build nitro (#1556)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/run-arbitrum-node/nitro/01-build-nitro-locally.md

sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin
sudo service docker start
```

> (Note if you are on Ubuntu 22.04, you might get `Unable to locate package docker-buildx-plugin`, try `sudo apt install docker-buildx` instead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Note that if you are running Ubuntu 22.04, you might get an `Unable to locate package docker-buildx-plugin` error. Try `sudo apt install docker-buildx` instead.)
```
